hey guys I'm a Kmart and they have all
these concert and everyday blooms all of
our bloom do they have these mini
figures still of catty noir yeah so they
have all in mini figures i'll show you
my Chinamen Believix they have some
harmonics Oh me bloom oh they have a
Stella believe it and then they have
this new sirenix bloom the magic lights
are running so if I monster high we have
color me creepy and here's the like the
main pack in the add on some place
that's we have the oasis with Cleo the
two pack some swim class and scaris
picture day we have the lab partners to
pack and there's actually I'm catty noir
here so that's cool lots of catty noir
alright so yep lots of we I saw the
ghouls and um no this is got that
gorgeous they have a tank for the night
out no there's more up here oh they do
oh oh yeah
okay some 13 wishes